//first sketch//
1
I expected the code to draw crosses across the whole canvas. 
It only drew a part of it. 
The for loop variable is conditioned to be <width/20.
Make it conditioned to be <width.

2
I expected the code to draw regular size crosses all over the canvas, based on it's width and height.
It drew really small crosses, looking like points.
The variables created to draw the cross lines are too small (place = width/20 and line = place/4)
Change it to place= width/10

3
I expected the code to draw the lines of the crosses based on the canvas height and width.
The value of the variables were not following the width and height of the canvas.
The variables were created outside the draw() function, so they were taking the value of the default canvas (100,100).
Create the variables inside the draw() function.

//third sketch//
1
I expected the code to draw white squares on top of the black squares randomly.
It drew white squares randomly in the canvas, not on top of the black squares.
The random number I'm using to place them is a float, not a integer.
Convert the random float to a integer using the int() function.

2
I expeccted to draw several white squares on top of the black ones.
It only drew one white square.
The coordinate is not ranging, the random number is the same all the time.
create the random number inside the for function so it will choose different numbers everytime it runs.

3
I expected to draw random white squares on top of the black ones.
It drew white squares in the diagonal of the grid.
The random value is the same for the x and y coordinates.
Create a new random variable to the y coordinate

4
Expected to distribute the white squares randomly but equally over the canvas.
It is taking much more out of the top lines than the bottom.
Because of the order things are drawn, the black squares were being drawn on top of the white ones, following the order of lines.
Take out the white squares out of the for() function that is drawing the black ones.

//fourth sketch//
1
Expected to draw random white crosses on top of the black ones in each frame.
It draws one frame correctly and then the rest is blank.
The white stroke remains as the default.
Set the stroke to black when drawing the black crosses.
